verification_requests
----------------------------


NO | NAME | DATA TYPE | PK | FK | DESCRIPTION            
---|------|-----------|----|----|-------------
1|`id` | uuid | V |  | autogenerated
2|`persona_id` | uuid |  | [`verification_request_persona`](verification_request_persona.md) | Personal information. Relationship cardinality: 1-1
3|`education_id` | uuid |  | [`verification_request_education`](verification_request_education.md) | 
4|`validation_id` | uuid |  | [`verification_request_validations`](verification_request_validations.md) | Reference to the most recent validation
4|`employment_id` | uuid |  | [`verification_request_employment`](verification_request_employment.md) | 
5|`applicant_id` | uuid |  | [`applicants`](applicants.md) | The applicant that this VR belongs to
6|`employer_name` | varchar |  |  | The employer that issued the job offer
7|`occupation_id` | uuid |  | [`occupations`](occupations.md) | Occupation from the job offer
8|`joining_date` | date |  |  | Joining date from the job offer
9|`job_offer_file_id` | uuid |  | [`file_storage`](file_storage.md) | Job offer document
10|`service_provider_order_id` | varchar |  |  | In QVP V1 vrs were tied to a service provider id. This field is not used any more but it is migrated just in case.
11|`submitted_at` | timestamp |  |  | Time when VR was submitted for verification, the same time that the time when VR was paid for (payment.transaction_date)
11|`qvp_company_id` | uuid |  | [`qvp_companies`](qvp_companies.md) | 
12|`qvp_company_employee_id` | uuid |  | [`qvp_company_employees`](qvp_company_employees.md) | 
12|`vr_status` | varchar |  |  | One of: draft, unpaid, payment pending, paid, qualified, withdrawn, unqualified.
13|`report_file_id` | uuid |  | [`file_storage`](file_storage.md) | uuid - a file that contains a printable verification report
14|`consent_file_id` | uuid |  | [`file_storage`](file_storage.md) | A file (pdf) that contains text that the applicant agrees to the terms and conditions and applicant's name.
15|`is_consent_signed` | boolean |  |  | True is applicant checked consent checkbox
16|`document_number` | integer |  |  | User-friendly numeric document number that is used to identify the VR in emails, communications, printed documents. 
17|`document_id` | integer |  |  | User-readable id of the document
18|`assigned_at` | timestamp |  |  | Date and time when the vr was assigned to a specific verifier (employee) within the Service provider
19|`used_discount` | boolean |  |  | 
20|`received_at` | timestamp |  |  | Received (distributed to) by a Service provider company
21|`payment_details` | json |  |  | JSON describing payment totals as well as separate payments as an array
22|`fast_track_major_entity_record_id` | uuid |  | [`fast_track_major_entity_records`](fast_track_major_entity_records.md) | A reference to the entity that is on the fast track major entity list if a VR is based on the offer made by such company.
23|`other_major_entity_name` | varchar |  |  | 
24|`fast_track_immediate_record_id` | uuid |  | [`fast_track_immediate_records`](fast_track_immediate_records.md) | 
25|`verified_education_id` | uuid |  | [`verification_request_education`](verification_request_education.md) | An already verified eduсation that in certain cases can be attached to the VR
26|`eligibility_score_id` | uuid |  | [`verification_request_eligibility_scores`](verification_request_eligibility_scores.md) | A reference to a set of marks (or scores) that defines the eligibility score for this VR
27|`professional_certificate_id` | uuid |  | [`verification_request_professional_certificates`](verification_request_professional_certificates.md) | A professional certificate that is submitted for verification with the current VR.
28|`verified_professional_certificate_id` | uuid |  | [`verification_request_professional_certificates`](verification_request_professional_certificates.md) | An already verified professional certificate that can be attached to the vr in certain cases.
29|`education_form_filled_in` | boolean |  |  | Shows if verification_request_education is filled in
30|`professional_certificates_form_filled_in` | boolean |  |  | Shows if verification_request_candidate_professional_certificate is filled in
31|`qvp_version` | integer |  |  | not sure but I guess it distinguishes the requests from QVP v1 and QVP v2. Better to keep it
32|`ip_address_country_id` | uuid |  | [`countries`](countries.md) | There must be a validation based on ip, it is used for applying a VAT tax for a payment
33|`ip_address` | varchar |  |  | ip adress where the verification request was created.
34|`created_at` | timestamp |  |  | 
35|`updated_at` | timestamp |  |  | 
36|`deleted_status` | integer |  |  | 0 - active record, 1 - deleted record.
